yet another extra-crispy day for our
Kentucky Fried president it is I hadn't
seems very difficult to keep up with all
the stuff he's doing it almost seems
like he's trying to impeach himself at
this point the Justice Department
ordered the Trump administration to
preserve all notes of his calls and
meetings with foreign leaders especially
the sexy ones and this is after reports
that the White House failed to document
at least five meetings with Vladimir
Putin one with kim jeong-hoon and a
Sunday brunch with OJ and not really but
you could see it happening right
and while records of these meetings with
other leaders may be key to impeachment
the house might not even need records
anymore because remember that thing
Trump did where he asked a foreign
government to investigate his political
rival Joe Biden the reason for the
impeachment inquiry well this morning he
did it again this time on TV
well I would think that if they were
honest about it that sort of major
investigation into the Biden it's a very
simple answer they should investigate
the Biden's because how does a company
that's newly formed and all these
companies that you look at and by the
way likewise China should started
investigation into the Biden everyone
should be investigated why aren't why
isn't every rarely during a witch-hunt
do you see the which drown herself but
this is either that or this is some kind
of a strategy I don't to do this again
in public it's this this is like how
dare you say I cheated on my wife with a
porn star
come here stormy let's do it in front of
everyone Trump's latest outlandish claim
is that China gave hunter Biden Joe
Biden's son a billion and a half dollars
again with the son Donald Trump is paid
more attention to Joe Biden's son this
week than he has the Donald Jr and Eric
their whole lives but the president was
on a roll this morning shouting from the
lawn he called the impeachment a
Democrat scam he keeps screaming and
tweeting that there wasn't anything
wrong with his perfect beautiful call to
the Ukrainian president in fact it was
so impeccable this call that even Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reached
out to tell him how perfectly totally
wonderful it was he read my phone call
with the presidents of Ukraine Mitch
McConnell he said that was the most
innocent phone call that I read I mean
give me a break anybody that reads it
says the same thing yes your phone calls
are innocent you crowds are the biggest
your hands are the largest your
your face is the orangist you are the
best at everything even God is jealous
of you Donald Trump Trump is roping
everyone he can into this mess this
could go all the way up to the space
force today we learned that the vise
pool Mike Pence may have got his little
paws dirty too President Trump is said
to have repeatedly used pence to
pressure the Ukrainians to dig up dirt
on the Biden spent pence met with the
president of Ukraine last month in Kiev
officials close to pence said he didn't
likely did not read the transcript of
Trump's call with the Ukrainian
president before that trip even though
he had it in his briefing book the whole
flight to Ukraine the vice president and
his staff they really don't want to get
mixed up in this pence is reportedly
preparing spent a lot of time on the
road this month they say if Mike Pence
distances himself from Trump any more
Trump might have to make him first lady
of the United States he's treating his
dealings with Ukraine the same way he
handles his sex life quietly and
completely in the dark don't worry
mother it's me but Trump isn't letting
him off the leash Trump actually said to
reporters this is not a joke he said if
his calls with Ukraine are being
questioned Mike Pence's should too
before he goes down with this ship he's
handcuffing himself to his first mate
the other guy who may be in trouble is
Rudy Giuliani Trump's lawyer so in a
normal administration a lawyer would sit
the president his client down to explain
that repeatedly admitting to crimes on
TV is a bad idea but unfortunately for
Donald Trump Rudy has been very busy
running around admitting to crimes on TV
himself so yesterday the Inspector
General of the State Department called a
surprise meeting with Congress to share
a folder that was full of conspiracy
theories and disinformation targeting
the Biden's so last night Giuliani went
on CNN said those documents they came
from me it came from an investigator who
works for him and the best part of it is
they kept the documents in folders that
said Trump
they got it they got him from like the
business center that's ingenious
that's called hiding in plain sight
folks hey you know has been consulting
Rudy for his give me an advice on the
Ukraine Paul Manafort Trump's former
campaign chairman who is currently in
prison for what he did in Ukraine
we're like one news cycle away from Rudy
Giuliani unhinging his jaw and
swallowing a mongoose live on Fox and
Friends
Rudy did get a few shouts out in
Congress today the house heard testimony
from trumps now former special envoy to
Ukraine kurt volker who is a
little-known diplomat he resigned from
his post on friday today he testified
before three committees behind closed
doors during the testimony Volcker said
he warned Giuliani that the information
he was getting about Biden and his son
was untrustworthy and that his sources
were not reliable but Rudy kept
spreading it anyway according to the
whistleblower complaint the
whistleblower says Volcker was trying to
control the damage Trump was doing by
you know withholding military aid in
exchange for dirt on the Biden's and
that's fine I get that but here's the
thing all you guys in the Trump
administration who think you're
controlling the damage by being there
you're not the damage is out of control
you might as well try to stop a volcano
with your thumb at this point stop
thinking you're the adults in the room
the room is on fire Run For Your Lives
okay right Guillermo that's right you
know about this yeah
run for your life Yeah right hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT allowed to eat
this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry